# Power-Charger-PC-On

Disclaimer. The code and wiring diagram for this project is provided as is. I am not responsible for your mishap if you destroy your motherboard due to faulty wiring between the motherboard and PSU, including a lack of basic knowledge of electricity and not choosing components for safeguarding against electrical shorts. It is up to you, the user, to know what to change in the code for it to work on your project. If applicable, it is up to you, the user, to understand what can be changed in the wiring diagram. What I have in my code is what works for my specific configuration.

The project uses a wireless charger with an input voltage of 5V to 12V  and wired to a generic Arduino Nano. The generic Arduino Nano is coded to act like a switch to send a "signal" to the pins for turning on a PC. Only some wireless chargers work. Some are picky with the required voltage and distance between the phone and the charger. 

This project has no corporate sponsors. The Arduino forums were used for code help. I thank the users who commented on that specific post in the Arduino forums.

Creator's Commentary: The project is entirely open source. I do not care what you do with the knowledge from this project. I hope this gets made into an actual product for PC case modding. If your conscience is unsettled even after I share this with the world. Reference my GitHub username, Grounmpe, to give credit where it is due. That is all I ask. Reference my name and nothing more. I made this because I wanted to turn my computer on and charge my smartphone. Currently, this is not a product you can buy in the market as of posting this project to Github on 7/22/2023. I have an iPhone (disclaimer: this project is not sponsored by Apple) that can charge wirelessly, so it was perfect to try this. I have been using this for over eight weeks, and it works as expected.  
